chore(docs): Add instructions for self-hosted GitHub App (#10754)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosting.md

- `token` (or `RENOVATE_TOKEN` environment variable, or via CLI `--token=`): `x-access-token:${github-app-installation}`, the token needs to be prefixed with `x-access-token` and be a [GitHub App Installation token](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps#authenticating-as-an-installation). Notice that these installation tokens are valid for only 1h and need to be regenerated regularly.
- `repositories` (or `RENOVATE_REPO`): List of repositories to run on. Auto discovery does not work with a GitHub App.

> The GitHub App installation token is scoped at most to a single organization and running on multiple organizations requires different invocations of `renovate` with different `token` and `repositories` parameters.

Author: Yeah, the list is indeed hard to read. 
I now opted to use bold code line code to do that. I think this is a good compromise between separating the individual configuration values and still keeping it associated with the `Running as a GitHub App` section. 
I think a separate `h4` `config.js` section could create confusion when people think about that this is relevant for the common bot-user/personal access token setup.

> The GitHub App installation token is scoped at most to a single organization and running on multiple organizations requires different invocations of `renovate` with different `token` and `repositories` parameters.

Reviewer: I like the new layout a lot better than what we had before. I think it will always be tricky to find the correct format for text like this. 😄

It is recommended to be `@renovate-bot` if you are using a self-hosted server with free choice of usernames.
It is also recommended that you configure `config.gitAuthor` with the same identity as your Renovate user, e.g. like `"gitAuthor": "Renovate Bot <renovate@whitesourcesoftware.com>"`.

### GitHub (Enterprise Server)

First, [create a personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-access-token-for-command-line-use/) for the bot account (select "repo" permissions).
Configure it either as `token` in your `config.js` file, or in environment variable `RENOVATE_TOKEN`, or via CLI `--token=`.

For GitHub Enterprise Server set the `endpoint` in your `config.js` to `https://github.enterprise.com/api/v3/`.

#### Running as a GitHub App

> Instead of a bot account and a personal access token you can as well run `renovate` as a self-hosted [GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of a bot account and a personal access token you can run `renovate` as a self-hosted [GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps).
```

> When creating the GitHub App give it following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating the GitHub App give it the following permissions:
```

- Checks: Read & write
- Contents: Read & write
- Issues: Read & write
- Metadata: Read-only
- Pull requests: Read & write
- Commit statuses: Read & write
- Dependabot alerts: Read-only
- Workflows: Read & write

Other values like Homepage URL, User authorization callback URL and webhooks can be disabled or filled with dummy values.

> Inside your `config.js` you need to set following values, assuming the name of your app is `self-hosted-renovate`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your `config.js` you need to set the following values, assuming the name of your app is `self-hosted-renovate`:
```

**`username:"self-hosted-renovate[bot]"`**

The slug name of your app with `[bot]` appended

**`gitAuthor:"Self-hosted Renovate Bot <123456+self-hosted-renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.enterprise.com>"`**

The [GitHub App associated email](https://github.community/t/logging-into-git-as-a-github-app/115916/2) to match commits to the bot.

> Notice that it needs to contain the user id as well as the username followed by the `users.noreply.`-domain of either github.com or the GitHub Enterprise Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It needs to contain the user id _and_ the username followed by the `users.noreply.`-domain of either github.com or the GitHub Enterprise Server.
```

> A way to get the user id of an GitHub app is to [query the user API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/users#get-a-user) at `api.github.com/user/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (github.com) or `github.enterprise.com/api/v3/uer/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (GitHub Enterprise Server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A way to get the user id of a GitHub app is to [query the user API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/users#get-a-user) at `api.github.com/user/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (github.com) or `github.enterprise.com/api/v3/uer/self-hosted-renovate[bot]` (GitHub Enterprise Server).
```

Unsure if `a` or `an` is better here?

**`token:"x-access-token:${github-app-installation}"`**

The token needs to be prefixed with `x-access-token` and be a [GitHub App Installation token](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps#authenticating-as-an-installation).

> Notice that these installation tokens are valid for only 1h and need to be regenerated regularly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** The installation tokens expire after 1 hour and need to be regenerated regularly.
```
